dukedissertation.cls   
Version 0.40, October 27 2008

This document class is intended to pass the duke university format check for
Ph.D dissertations and masters theses.  It is built on a modern version of the LaTeX 2e
report.cls with add-ins from the old dukethesis.cls.  

The dissertation.tex file is a working model for a dissertation.  
See the comments there for more instruction, as well as in abstract.tex,
listofabbr.tex, acknowledgements.tex, and biography.tex.

Class documentation appears in the first chapter (guide-notes.tex) of the
sample dissertation and in the top comment of dukedissertation.cls.  

Before you begin, try to build the included example dissertation.  Run
  $ pdflatex dissertation.tex
  $ pdflatex dissertation.tex
  $ bibtex dissertation
  $ pdflatex dissertation.tex
  $ pdflatex dissertation.tex
If this doesn't work, likely culprits are (a) an old, pre-pdftex TeX
distribution,  (b) you're missing some packages, like 'graphicx',
(c) you're missing some optional packages in dissertation.tex:
'hyperref' 'amsmath', 'amssymb', 'amsfonts', or 'amsthm'.  A quick-fix is to
download the required package from http://www.ctan.org/ and jam everything
in the directory of dissertation.tex.

RELEASE VERSION
Please send bugs, comments, and suggestions to mgratton@math.duke.edu

KNOWN BUGS
* There's a known bug that shows up in the List of Abbreviations spacing.  A
  work-around is discussed in listofabbr.tex
* Failure to include any sort of abstract (even a placeholder) will result
  in strange behavior.

SPACING
This class uses \raggedbottom, so that excess space on a page is
grouped at the bottom.  This is the easiest thing to make everything look
nice.  If you want to work harder, try putting \flushbottom just after
\begin{document}.  Check dissertation.log for "underfull vbox" errors.
Those pages will have lots of extra vertical space inserted so that the
bottom line on each page is at the same height.  To fix the bad spacing, you
need to break-up large display environments and figures so that TeX has more
flexibility in formatting pages.  If that sounds scary to you, just live
with \raggedbottom.



Original files were modified for Temple U by Nemanja Djuric, November 2013, M. Erfan Mowlaei, December 2025, and Sanchari Biswas.. BEST OF LUCK!
